docs: document model relationships (#1905)
nunomaduro/larastan: docs/features.md

}
```

## Model Relationships

In order for Larastan to recognize Model relationships:
- the return type must be defined
- the method must be `public`

> - the class argument must be a literal string (not a variable)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- the relationship method argument must be a literal string (not a variable)
```

> - adding the docblock `@return` helps

Reviewer 2: No. The `@return` tag is only needed if the above criteria are not met.

Author: I said it helps...I just always add the docblocs on all my relationships but I can update

Author: updated

> - if the above conditions are not met, then adding the `@return` docblock can help

Reviewer: ```suggestion

If the above conditions are not met, then adding the `@return` docblock can help
```
